@You can <i>italicize</i>, <b>embolden</b> or <u>underline</u> portions of your messages by enclosing them with |, + or _ respectively. You can also avoid this by adding backslashes (they won't show in the message) before these characters.
♪ Hey, have you ever tried appending the % character before your messages when speaking in-game? ♫
Some areas of the station use simple nautical directions to indicate their respective locations, like Fore (Front of the ship), Aft (Back), Port (Left side), Starboard (Right), Quarter and Bow (Either sides of Aft and Fore, respectively). You can review these terms on the Notepad App of your PDA.
As a Power Recovery Technician; your greatest weapon against the Slasher is communication. Keep each other up to date on generators; fuel; and batteries!
As a Power Recovery Technician; note that it's still possible to roll for a Midround antagonist. These are a 'third party'; who - while they CAN win with Slashers; are much better off avoiding them while antagonizing the rest of the crew...
As the Imposter; you cannot traditionally harm survivors in your disguised form. Keep this in mind while using it!
As a Power Recovery Technician; try to keep a few tiles away from your fellow technicians! The less talkative they are; the more likely something's up...
As Borgmire; your greatest utility comes from what you can do with your hands. Grenades; guns; batons - whatever you can get your hands on!
As a Power Recovery Technician; Borgmire is one of the few Slashers who'll take a few go arounds to kill you in melee - don't be afraid to get close if you need to bolt off!
As Dolphinman; try to hide somewhere where survivors will inevitably wander; but where it'll take them a while to do so for the ultimate hunt!
As a Power Recovery Technician; Lab-Grown Meat is an effective counter to Dolphinman - while you'll still end his hiding and alert him to your proximity; you'll have the safety of a wall or two to get away!
As Male_07; you can only hear deadchat while incorporeal.
As Male_07; your best approach to your prey is to mimic your other vessels - the best target is an unaware target!
As a Power Recovery Technician; Male_07 can come from anywhere; and be any of his vessels around the map at any moment. For your own safety; try to keep distance...
As Princess; dolls are your path to ascension! Eat as many as you can find...
As a Power Recovery Technician; Princess is always audible due to her grumbling.
As Sid; your gun's clip becomes bottomless after eating four cookies or the shuttle docking. Take heed - survivors can hear it fire from anywhere on the map...
As a Power Recovery Technician; keep an ear out for distant popping sounds! Gunshots have been heard in your active zone...
As a Power Recovery Technician; consider feeding a Demon-Class Slasher their attuned item if you need to get away from them! They'll likely appreciate the powerup; even if it hurries your demise...
As Speedrunner; you always need to be on the move to ascend in time to catch your prey! Never stop moving; if you can help it!
As Speedrunner; your ascension speed is directly tied to how fast you move from tile to tile; not your current movement speed. There might be a few ways to speed the process up...
As a Power Recovery Technician; the distortion of Speedrunner's music signals his current phase! Try to get out of dodge before he ascends to phase three...
As Spaceman; try to hide somewhere hard to reach! Survivors will be actively seeking you out if they know you exist...
As a Power Recovery Technician - hold your ears out... Spaceman's music will give his position away; and you'll need to stop him if you want your precious fuel - and to not be killed. Whatever's more important to you.
B-Gone Soda acts as distilled SaturnX; turning your body invisible in spite of your clothes - and there's just enough in the can to overdose, if you aren't careful.
Cookies are entirely useless to survivors. They sure taste good; though... Sid agrees on that much.
Devil Dice has 6 different possible outcomes; depending on what you roll. The best roll gives you two pieces of fuel for free! The worst gibs you outright...
The Faustian doll can be used to teleport to a random safe station turf at will! Unfortunately; that 'at will' comes with a dangerous price...
Lab-Grown Meat gives you X-ray vision via a Reagent; canceling out the FOV effect and letting you see through walls.
Mayonnaise is just 5u of Adminodrazine. Don't tell anyone.
Pocket Sand needs to be thrown to be of any use; but'll make a disorienting smoke cloud where it lands! Make your escape!
Step Decoys make a constant footstep noise where they're located; making them an excellent choice for throwing off a pursuer...
Hunger doesn't slow you down. Don't ask what Nanotrasen did to your body to make that happen.
As a Slasher; the shuttle call means your priority is getting on that thing and killing anyone who dares to stop you! Anyone left behind will be killed outright...
As a Power Recovery Technician; the shuttle ride houses the most precarious moments of your assignment...
As a Slasher; you have 60 seconds from roundstart before you assume your true form. Look busy until then!
